added section about master key config (#667)
ParsePlatform/Docs: _includes/cloudcode/cloud-code-advanced.md

```

After setting up your webhook in the Dashboard UI, you'll be acurately decrementing comment counts!

# Config
Parse Config offers a convenient way to configure parameters in Cloud Code.

```javascript
const config = await Parse.Config.get({useMasterKey: true});
const privateParam = config.get("privateParam");
```

> By default, a parameter can be retrieved by clients which may not be desired if the parameter contains sensitive information that should not be exposed to clients. A parameter can be made retrievable in Cloud Code with master key only by setting the `Master Code Only` property via Parse Dashboard to `true`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Parse Config parameters can be publicly read which may be undesired if the parameter contains sensitive information that should not be exposed to clients. A parameter can be made readable only with the master key by setting the `Master Key Only` property via the Parse Dashboard to `true`. 
```
